docs(seqera-ai): align Enterprise Co-Scientist docs for 26.1 (#1381)
seqeralabs/docs: platform-enterprise_docs/seqera-ai/skills.md

---
title: "Skills"

> description: "Discover, create, and install skills in Co-Scientist CLI"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Discover, create, and install skills in Seqera CLI"
```
